resources/entries/daedalus-developer.md, before:

---
status : 2
securityClass : 1
name : Daedalus developers documentation
---
# Daedalus developers documentation
This document will explain how to accomplish basic cores in the Dedalus project.

## how to build and test
 - clone the repository
 - in the cloned folder, run `yarn install`. you will see a bunch of typescript errors `TS2322` and `TS2503` etc. ignore them.
 
## how to run tests
 - (do once) in the project's root open the file `empty-epsilon-config.json`
   - change `runServer` and `killServer` to commands that can start and stop an empty-epsilon game server with open http api and one player ship ready.
   - make sure `serverAddress` correctly describes the server's http api address
 - run `yarn test` to build and test the code

## how to debug
 1. run `yarn debug`. the server will start and halt on the first line of code
 2. in local chrome browser, go to URL `chrome://inspect` . a debugger console will open.
 3. resume execution from the debugger console

## how to start server
 1. run `yarn start`. the server will start. the main entry point is `main.js` file at the root of the project.

## how to operate fugazi
 1. start the server, according to either `start` or `debug` instructions above.
 2. in local chrome browser, go to URL `http://localhost:3333/`. the Fugazi web client will open.
 3. in the Fugazi web client run
 4. `load module from "http://localhost:3333/session.json"` to load session commands
  - `login` will now log in a user
  - `whoami` will now display session details
 5. `load module from "http://localhost:3333/excalibur.json"` to load excalibur commands
  - `open` will now open an entry

Commit message:

update project  - fix broken tests from last game's changes  - use npm instead of yarn  - update dependencies

resources/entries/daedalus-developer.md, after:

---
status : 2
securityClass : 1
name : Daedalus developers documentation
---
# Daedalus developers documentation
This document will explain how to accomplish basic cores in the Dedalus project.

## how to build and test
 - clone the repository
 - in the cloned folder, run `npm install --no-optional`. you will see a bunch of typescript errors `TS2322` and `TS2503` etc. ignore them.
 
## how to run tests
 - (do once) in the project's root open the file `empty-epsilon-config.json`
   - change `runServer` and `killServer` to commands that can start and stop an empty-epsilon game server with open http api and one player ship ready.
   - make sure `serverAddress` correctly describes the server's http api address
 - run `npm test` to build and test the code

## how to debug
 1. run `npm run debug`. the server will start and halt on the first line of code
 2. in local chrome browser, go to URL `chrome://inspect` . a debugger console will open.
 3. resume execution from the debugger console

## how to start server
 1. run `npm start`. the server will start. the main entry point is `main.js` file at the root of the project.

## how to operate fugazi
 1. start the server, according to either `start` or `debug` instructions above.
 2. in local chrome browser, go to URL `http://localhost:3333/`. the Fugazi web client will open.
 3. in the Fugazi web client run
 4. `load module from "http://localhost:3333/session.json"` to load session commands
  - `login` will now log in a user
  - `whoami` will now display session details
 5. `load module from "http://localhost:3333/excalibur.json"` to load excalibur commands
  - `open` will now open an entry
